demystifying/conventional_commits.adoc, before:

The Conventional Commits specification is a lightweight convention on
top of commit messages. It provides an easy set of rules for creating an
explicit commit history; which makes it easier to write automated tools
on top of. This convention dovetails with SemVer, by describing the
features, fixes, and breaking changes made in commit messages.

The commit message should be structured as follows:

....
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
....

== Commit types

* *`feat`: A new feature (this correlates to a `MINOR`, e.g. 0.1.0*,
in Semantic Versioning)**
* *`fix`: A bug fix (this correlates to a `PATCH`, e.g. 0.0.1*, in
Semantic Versioning)
* `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a
feature
* `build`: Changes that affect the build system or external
dependencies
* `ci`: Changes to CI configuration files and scripts
* `perf`: A code change that improves performance
* `test`: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests
* `revert`: Revert something
* `docs`: Documentation only changes
* `style`: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code
(white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
* *`chore`: Changes which doesn’t change source code or tests*
e.g. changes to the build process, auxiliary tools, libraries

A new *`MAJOR`* is represented by either

* appending `!` after the type/scope of the commit message
(e.g. `refactor!: drop support for Internet Explorer`)
* adding the phrase `BREAKING CHANGE:` in the footer of the commit
message

== Reminders

* Put newline before extended commit body


== FAQ

What do I do if the commit conforms to more than one of the commit types? ::
Go back and make multiple commits whenever possible.
Part of the benefit of Conventional Commits is its ability to drive us to make more organized commits and PRs.

Doesn't this discourage rapid development and fast iteration? ::
It discourages moving fast in a disorganized way.
It helps you be able to move fast long term across multiple projects with varied contributors.

More at https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/[conventionalcommits.org]

Commit message:

docs: write about commitlint, add link to conventionalcommits/semver sites

demystifying/conventional_commits.adoc, after:

The https://www.conventionalcommits.org/[Conventional Commits Specification]
is a lightweight convention on top of commit messages.
It provides an easy set of rules for creating an
explicit commit history; which makes it easier to
write automated tools on top of.
This convention dovetails with http://semver.org/[SemVer], by describing the
features, fixes, and breaking changes made in commit messages.

The commit message should be structured as follows:

....
<type>[optional scope]: <description>

[optional body]

[optional footer(s)]
....

== Commit types

* *`feat`: A new feature (this correlates to a `MINOR`, e.g. 0.1.0*,
in Semantic Versioning)**
* *`fix`: A bug fix (this correlates to a `PATCH`, e.g. 0.0.1*, in
Semantic Versioning)
* `refactor`: A code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a
feature
* `build`: Changes that affect the build system or external
dependencies
* `ci`: Changes to CI configuration files and scripts
* `perf`: A code change that improves performance
* `test`: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests
* `revert`: Revert something
* `docs`: Documentation only changes
* `style`: Changes that do not affect the meaning of the code
(white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)
* *`chore`: Changes which doesn’t change source code or tests*
e.g. changes to the build process, auxiliary tools, libraries

A new *`MAJOR`* is represented by either

* appending `!` after the type/scope of the commit message
(e.g. `refactor!: drop support for Internet Explorer`)
* adding the phrase `BREAKING CHANGE:` in the footer of the commit
message

== Reminders

* Put newline before extended commit body

== FAQ

What do I do if the commit conforms to more than one of the commit types? ::
Go back and make multiple commits whenever possible.
Part of the benefit of Conventional Commits is its ability to drive us to make more organized commits and PRs.

Doesn't this discourage rapid development and fast iteration? ::
It discourages moving fast in a disorganized way.
It helps you be able to move fast long term across multiple projects with varied contributors.

More at https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/[conventionalcommits.org]

== commitlint

https://github.com/conventional-changelog/commitlint[`commitlint`]
is a tool and pre-commit hook to lint commit messages against a configured convention.
My projects use a slight varience of `@commitlint/config-conventional`.

Every developer must install this hook for each project themselves though by issuing +
`pre-commit install --type commit-msg` +
on the command line.
