JOURNEY.adoc, before:

== Minecraft
It all started with my fondness and enthusiasm for the computer game Minecraft,
which I played on a Mac Mini in the living room from the moment the browser preview was released.
It was to be the only game I played for a very long time and I still have a strong connection with it. +
I was very intrigued by the update which introduced https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Command_Block[Command Blocks].
I started watching Videos of people making tutorials on interesting concepts that can be implemented using these Command Blocks,
up to the point of recreating games and making fun parkour / story maps.
// I also loved SkyBlock and Mods that added Technical Stuff.

I got my first own PC - of course with the primary purpose being for ~Minecraft~ School.
I installed Windows 10 on it and watched Videos and read diverse Materials Internet on using it.

I started watching videos that showed how to create software that could add/change the functionality of Minecraft servers using Java and Eclipse.
I bought an aaS Minecraft Server.
I had plans on creating a Minecraft Server Network with some Friends, where everything was programmed by me.
My hopes and plans were obviously too high, but I kept going anyway.
I joined some other Servers as a co-developer of Minigames or a Builder of Maps.

I soon bought a VPS running GNU/Linux Debian on which I installed and managed my Server(s) myself -
it was more cost effective and learning new stuff is always fun.
SSH, PuTTY, screen, FileZilla, IP, DNS, ..? All very intriguing

I made dozens of Minecraft Hack Clients - the first ones being blank copies of Videos from youtube,
and the lasts ones being big rewrites of rewrites implementing my own frameworks, systems, menus, functionality and mods.

== It's 2017.
I knew that my overall interest in IT was very strong, and I wanted to continue doing what I was doing
because I enjoyed it and it was all so fascinatingly logical.
I knew I wanted to be a Software Engineer (or similiar) and thus **study** Informatics. +
But I also knew that my basic knowledge of some things was only based on a few crappy YouTube videos
and that this dream would require a lot of concentration and effort.
To add salt to Injury I also didn't have good grades because I literally neglected all my homework,
even though I was one of the best students in the class (especially in math and English / except for Geography or History ;) ).

I decided to do an additional voluntary year in a school that focuses on
helping young people get an education in form of apprenticeship in one year.
I got a taste of many professions, learned the basics of electrical engineering and job applications.

#I bought a https://www.udemy.com/course/cpp-bootcamp[C++ Bootcamp Videocourse Series on Udemy],#
#which was one of the best investments of my life.#
I re-learned Java through a Book on it and a Dive into Design Patterns
(We're still talking about self-taught Java without any real applications here, to remind you).
I joined a small Arduino course which got me to apply and show-off [;)] my knowledge.

== It's 2018
My people skills were low, my expressions in writing snooty
and my appearance anything but appealing, which I can still fully confirm today.
Although I was initially rejected by all offers, +
I managed to show-off on the internship trial day at one of the last companies still looking for apprenticeships for that year.

Although I arrived at the vocational school 3 months late,
I managed to grasp and understand even challenging topics in a short time.
The best thing about this small company I joined was that I was given all the time in the world to learn.

As for the programming side of IT:
I bought a book about HTML/CSS/JS.
I bought a book about Linux.
I read lots of articles and best practices.
I bought a Server/DNS at Hetzner and later OVH.
I installed many things on it.
I got to embrace OSS.

I planned, developed, managed and deployed various company-internal applications from the ground up all by myself.
The first was a proof-of-concept app for booking meals
(probably to test if I really have the knowledge and spirit of a full stack'er)
and one of the last being a freight cost tracker or a tool for validating server racks.
I also introduced many new things to the company, such as an actually maintained and useful wiki
and a revised network documentation and monitoring.

I was interested in everything, constantly asking friends at school what they were doing
and was interested in what and how big companies make things happen.

== It's in README.adoc

So, that was it. My path to IT.
Everything after it is Career.

Commit message:

docs: denote that i mean "best in class of my basic school"
we had like no actually advanced mathematics. don't get me started with chemistry lol

JOURNEY.adoc, after:

== Minecraft
It all started with my fondness and enthusiasm for the computer game Minecraft,
which I played on a Mac Mini in the living room from the moment the browser preview was released.
It was to be the only game I played for a very long time and I still have a strong connection with it. +
I was very intrigued by the update which introduced https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Command_Block[Command Blocks].
I started watching Videos of people making tutorials on interesting concepts that can be implemented using these Command Blocks,
up to the point of recreating games and making fun parkour / story maps.
// I also loved SkyBlock and Mods that added Technical Stuff.

I got my first own PC - of course with the primary purpose being for ~Minecraft~ School.
I installed Windows 10 on it and watched Videos and read diverse Materials Internet on using it.

I started watching videos that showed how to create software that could add/change the functionality of Minecraft servers using Java and Eclipse.
I bought an aaS Minecraft Server.
I had plans on creating a Minecraft Server Network with some Friends, where everything was programmed by me.
My hopes and plans were obviously too high, but I kept going anyway.
I joined some other Servers as a co-developer of Minigames or a Builder of Maps.

I soon bought a VPS running GNU/Linux Debian on which I installed and managed my Server(s) myself -
it was more cost effective and learning new stuff is always fun.
SSH, PuTTY, screen, FileZilla, IP, DNS, ..? All very intriguing

I made dozens of Minecraft Hack Clients - the first ones being blank copies of Videos from youtube,
and the lasts ones being big rewrites of rewrites implementing my own frameworks, systems, menus, functionality and mods.

== It's 2017.
I knew that my overall interest in IT was very strong, and I wanted to continue doing what I was doing
because I enjoyed it and it was all so fascinatingly logical.
I knew I wanted to be a Software Engineer (or similiar) and thus **study** Informatics. +
But I also knew that my basic knowledge of some things was only based on a few crappy YouTube videos
and that this dream would require a lot of concentration and effort.
To add salt to Injury I also didn't have good grades because I literally neglected all my homework,
even though I was one of the best students in the class (especially in math and English / except for Geography or History ;) ).
Note though that my school was very ground level as far as education goes 
(not even things like log/sin/cos/e were teached. the best it got was like function theorem).

I decided to do an additional voluntary year in a school that focuses on
helping young people get an education in form of apprenticeship in one year.
I got a taste of many professions, learned the basics of electrical engineering and job applications.

#I bought a https://www.udemy.com/course/cpp-bootcamp[C++ Bootcamp Videocourse Series on Udemy],#
#which was one of the best investments of my life.#
I re-learned Java through a Book on it and a Dive into Design Patterns
(We're still talking about self-taught Java without any real applications here, to remind you).
I joined a small Arduino course which got me to apply and show-off my knowledge and help others.

== It's 2018
My people skills were low, my expressions in writing snooty
and my appearance anything but appealing, which I can still fully confirm today.
Although I was initially rejected by all offers, +
I managed to show-off on the internship trial day at one of the last companies still looking for apprenticeships for that year.

Although I arrived at the vocational school 3 months late,
I managed to grasp and understand even challenging topics in a short time.
The best thing about this small company I joined was that I was given all the time in the world to learn.

As for the programming side of IT:
I bought a book about HTML/CSS/JS.
I bought a book about Linux.
I read lots of articles and best practices.
I bought a Server/DNS at Hetzner and later OVH.
I installed many things on it.
I got to embrace OSS.

I planned, developed, managed and deployed various company-internal applications from the ground up all by myself.
The first was a proof-of-concept app for booking meals
(probably to test if I really have the knowledge and spirit of a full stack'er)
and one of the last being a freight cost tracker or a tool for validating server racks.
I also introduced many new things to the company, such as an actually maintained and useful wiki
and a revised network documentation and monitoring.

I was interested in everything, constantly asking friends at school what they were doing
and was interested in what and how big companies make things happen.

== It's in README.adoc

So, that was it. My path to IT.
Everything after it is Career.
