README.adoc, before:

:toc:
:toc-placement!:
= 👋 Hey there. My name's Jonas

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white[LinkedIn]]
https://stackshare.io/JonasPammer/my-stack[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stackshare-blue?logo=stackshare&logoColor=white[stackshare]]

== About Me

I know my way around Linux, Windows, IT, Programming and also try to grasp an understanding about most other things as well.

There's a lot of patterns and software involved in today's IT world.
My primary drivng force is that one shall not forget that https://blog.nelhage.com/post/computers-can-be-understood/[*Computers are not magic, and Software _can_ be understood*].
I especially like to get behind the concept of things first when learning them - 
reason being there's too much (aaS) software these days that just uses buzzwords upon buzzwords upon nice overly vague descriptions, 
which leads to one really needing to dig very deep to find out what they actually (mostly "just") do
and if they're worth the added layer and security implications and what not.

I like Software that does one thing very awesomely (not necesarrily one thing _only_ - i don't use Arch btw).

I like to place a high value on adherence to
http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/taoup/html/ch01s06.html[conventions],
documentation, and structured problem analyzation.
__In other words__, I https://www.stilldrinking.org/programming-sucks[thankfully] can and do still live in and with this dream world ;).
// because of my lack in experience working on more real projects with more real people in a more real/defined field ;).

📺 Favourite Series::
Avatar: The Last Airbender, Star Trek (VOY / TNG / PICARD / DISCOVERY)

⛳ Hobbies and Interests::
Cooking, Watching Movies with Friends, Programming / Linux / IT News, Keeping a clean and organized home and setup

🔝 Current Primary Fascinations::
Ansible Automation and CI/CD (because its Awesome), Cooking (I spend too much on other things ;))

📍 Location::
EU, Austria, Vorarlberg (CET +1 hour)

toc::[]
== My Interest in IT

* I don't limit myself to knowing only part of it. +
  I'm interested in programming, Linux, and the whole world around https://roadmap.sh/backend[Dev] https://roadmap.sh/devops[Ops],
  but I also cherish an good understanding of IT infrastructures and network protocols/network parts and design.
+
I also could talk for hours about my enthusiasm for Web Development, especially about the concepts of the Browser and its accompanying protocols/specifications and the prospects they still offer and continue to enable us today.
// At the end of the day the browser is like a JRE, and HTML/CSS/JS/HTTP/... are the Specifications for it's JVM -
// just with the fact that a "program" (website) "runs it's code" as a second class citizen,
// and the primary "application code" is just structued text (HTML) that is being rendered by the some Engine. +
// (You can hang me for this comparison if you want but it's true).

// NOTE: The following sentence is to be kept in sync with my LinkedIn Info
* 🌱 Having just completed an IT apprenticeship, I am currently studying for various networking certifications (CCNA, MSCA, FSNE 1-4, RHCSA, ...) to solidify my knowledge and help myself making the decision on which path to truly pursue by digging into each of them.

// NOTE: The following sentence is to be kept in sync with my LinkedIn Info
* 🌱 I'm currently heavily diving into the topics of *IaaC* with Ansible/Terraform/Amazon Web Services and **C**ontinious Automated **I**ntegration/**D**elivery with GitHub Actions and Docker.
+
These are very fascinating topics that are fundamentally changing the way software development and deployment is
https://landscape.cncf.io/[done].
Servers / VMs are transformed from sacred "don't touch" black box systems into simple disposable and on-demand createable goods.
It is the pinnacle of automation and reproducibility.
+
And the crazy thing is that nothing has fundamentally changed -
It's just that the solutions (Linux, SSH, HTTP, TLS, ..) and concepts (TCP/IP, ..) that were created a long time ago by very smart people are so crazily thought-of princibles
which we're all just slowly sticking together and extending continously. IT is amazing.

=== My knowledge in IT, a Profile Overview

* A broad overview of the knowledge and experience I acquired over the years can be found on my
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white[LinkedIn]] and
https://stackshare.io/JonasPammer/my-stack[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stackshare-blue?logo=stackshare&logoColor=white[stackshare]] profiles
// https://tryhackme.com/p/PixelTutorials[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/TryHackMe-004daa?logo=tryhackme&logoColor=white[tryhackme]]  -
as well of course on my OSS GitHub Projects.
+
I also actively https://github.com/JonasPammer?tab=stars[star repositories I find useful and interesting].
Below is an automatically generated overview of my GitHub profile, showing mostly my recently starred projects
(which may give somewhat of an indication of what I'm currently onto):
+
image::/github-metrics.svg[Metrics]
+
.Footnote on GitHub
____
I use GitHub as my primary version control and collaboration platform.

I also sync my projects to a privately hosted GitLab instance.
I do this mainly for archival purposes (GitHub is owned by Microsoft),
but also to just try things out of course.

Do note that I am currently in the process of refactoring every of my projects
and also try to figure out new development schemes
now that I'm fairly confident in the knowledge i posses
____

=== My knowledge in IT, a more in-depth Stack Overview


=== My knowledge in IT, a Certification Overview


[discrete]
=== My humble beginnings (for the very very interested)

NOTE: The following document is very lenghty and nostalgic.

link:JOURNEY.adoc[]



== My Private / Work Setup

include::SETUP.adoc[]

== My Applications

link:APPLICATIONS.adoc[]


== Demystifying

Some Summarizations on various Topics I wrote to easily link to.
Sources always linked.

* link:demystifying/module_bundlers.adoc[Demystifying JavaScript Module Bundlers]
* link:demystifying/transpilers.adoc[Demystifying JavaScript Transpilers]
* link:demystifying/linters_and_formatters.adoc[Demystifying Linters and Formatters]
* link:demystifying/asciidoctor.adoc[Demystifying Asciidoc / Asciidoctor]
* link:demystifying/gitignore.adoc[Demystifying `.gitignore`]
* link:demystifying/conventional_commits.adoc[Demystifying Conventional Commits]

---
image:https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=JonasPammer&style=flat-square[image:https://hit.yhype.me/github/profile?user_id=32995541[.,title="Do not worry weary traveller - I am but a simple counter that can only track hits, not visitors. I am being proxied through GitHub to keep your identity safe from the nerd above."]

== Pinned Repositories / Recent Contributions
(see below)

Commit message:

docs: re-iterate on introduction mantra
better start. less frustration and more philosophical with the sentence in the middle giving the next thing a kickstart.

README.adoc, after:

:toc:
:toc-placement!:
= 👋 Hey there. My name's Jonas

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white[LinkedIn]]
https://stackshare.io/JonasPammer/my-stack[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stackshare-blue?logo=stackshare&logoColor=white[stackshare]]

== About Me

I know my way around Linux, Windows, IT, Programming and also try to grasp an understanding about most other things as well.

In today's IT world there are a lot of patterns and software.
My main concern and mantra is to keep the idea alive that one must not forget that https://blog.nelhage.com/post/computers-can-be-understood/[*Computers are not magic and Software _can_ be understood*]-
This applies to computer systems, computer networks, communication patterns/flows, and everything else as well.
One may have to dig very deep and jump over promises upon sales talk upon buzzwords to figure out what all the new software and things actually (mostly just only) do at the principled level, but the important thing is that it is still possible and that
_it's all still just some sand that we tricked into doing things through the use of electricity passing through a complex pattern of logic gates - Nothing more!_

I like Software that does one thing very awesomely (not necesarrily one thing _only_ - i don't use Arch btw).

I like to place a high value on adherence to
http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/taoup/html/ch01s06.html[conventions],
documentation, and structured problem analyzation.
__In other words__, I https://www.stilldrinking.org/programming-sucks[thankfully] can and do still live in and with this dream world ;).
// because of my lack in experience working on more real projects with more real people in a more real/defined field ;).

📺 Favourite Series::
Avatar: The Last Airbender, Star Trek (VOY / TNG / PICARD / DISCOVERY)

⛳ Hobbies and Interests::
Cooking, Watching Movies with Friends, Programming / Linux / IT News, Keeping a clean and organized home and setup

🔝 Current Primary Fascinations::
Ansible Automation and CI/CD (because its Awesome), Cooking (I spend too much on other things ;))

📍 Location::
EU, Austria, Vorarlberg (CET +1 hour)

toc::[]
== My Interest in IT

* I don't limit myself to knowing only part of it. +
  I'm interested in programming, Linux, and the whole world around https://roadmap.sh/backend[Dev] https://roadmap.sh/devops[Ops],
  but I also cherish an good understanding of IT infrastructures and network protocols/network parts and design.
+
I also could talk for hours about my enthusiasm for Web Development, especially about the concepts of the Browser and its accompanying protocols/specifications and the prospects they still offer and continue to enable us today.
// At the end of the day the browser is like a JRE, and HTML/CSS/JS/HTTP/... are the Specifications for it's JVM -
// just with the fact that a "program" (website) "runs it's code" as a second class citizen,
// and the primary "application code" is just structued text (HTML) that is being rendered by the some Engine. +
// (You can hang me for this comparison if you want but it's true).

// NOTE: The following sentence is to be kept in sync with my LinkedIn Info
* 🌱 Having just completed an IT apprenticeship, I am currently studying for various networking certifications (CCNA, MSCA, FSNE 1-4, RHCSA, ...) to solidify my knowledge and help myself making the decision on which path to truly pursue by digging into each of them.

// NOTE: The following sentence is to be kept in sync with my LinkedIn Info
* 🌱 I'm currently heavily diving into the topics of *IaaC* with Ansible/Terraform/Amazon Web Services and **C**ontinious Automated **I**ntegration/**D**elivery with GitHub Actions and Docker.
+
These are very fascinating topics that are fundamentally changing the way software development and deployment is
https://landscape.cncf.io/[done].
Servers / VMs are transformed from sacred "don't touch" black box systems into simple disposable and on-demand createable goods.
It is the pinnacle of automation and reproducibility.
+
And the crazy thing is that nothing has fundamentally changed -
It's just that the solutions (Linux, SSH, HTTP, TLS, ..) and concepts (TCP/IP, ..) that were created a long time ago by very smart people are so crazily thought-of princibles
which we're all just slowly sticking together and extending continously. IT is amazing.

=== My knowledge in IT, a Profile Overview

* A broad overview of the knowledge and experience I acquired over the years can be found on my
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white[LinkedIn]] and
https://stackshare.io/JonasPammer/my-stack[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/stackshare-blue?logo=stackshare&logoColor=white[stackshare]] profiles
// https://tryhackme.com/p/PixelTutorials[image:https://img.shields.io/badge/TryHackMe-004daa?logo=tryhackme&logoColor=white[tryhackme]]  -
as well of course on my OSS GitHub Projects.
+
I also actively https://github.com/JonasPammer?tab=stars[star repositories I find useful and interesting].
Below is an automatically generated overview of my GitHub profile, showing mostly my recently starred projects
(which may give somewhat of an indication of what I'm currently onto):
+
image::/github-metrics.svg[Metrics]
+
.Footnote on GitHub
____
I use GitHub as my primary version control and collaboration platform.

I also sync my projects to a privately hosted GitLab instance.
I do this mainly for archival purposes (GitHub is owned by Microsoft),
but also to just try things out of course.

Do note that I am currently in the process of refactoring every of my projects
and also try to figure out new development schemes
now that I'm fairly confident in the knowledge i posses
____

=== My knowledge in IT, a more in-depth Stack Overview


=== My knowledge in IT, a Certification Overview


[discrete]
=== My humble beginnings (for the very very interested)

NOTE: The following document is very lenghty and nostalgic.

link:JOURNEY.adoc[]



== My Private / Work Setup

include::SETUP.adoc[]

== My Applications

link:APPLICATIONS.adoc[]


== Demystifying

Some Summarizations on various Topics I wrote to easily link to.
Sources always linked.

* link:demystifying/module_bundlers.adoc[Demystifying JavaScript Module Bundlers]
* link:demystifying/transpilers.adoc[Demystifying JavaScript Transpilers]
* link:demystifying/linters_and_formatters.adoc[Demystifying Linters and Formatters]
* link:demystifying/asciidoctor.adoc[Demystifying Asciidoc / Asciidoctor]
* link:demystifying/gitignore.adoc[Demystifying `.gitignore`]
* link:demystifying/conventional_commits.adoc[Demystifying Conventional Commits]

---
image:https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=JonasPammer&style=flat-square[image:https://hit.yhype.me/github/profile?user_id=32995541[.,title="Do not worry weary traveller - I am but a simple counter that can only track hits, not visitors. I am being proxied through GitHub to keep your identity safe from the nerd above."]

== Pinned Repositories / Recent Contributions
(see below)
