SETUP.adoc, before:

image::home_setup.jpg[]

PC (not pictured)::
Got rid of Gaming Laptop - was a bad idea i will never recommend to anyone. Battery life is miserable and heat is a problem.
My model had its chassis bent because of the battery right after warranty voided, causing me to spend 140€ for a replacement from official support (pictured above, black OLED RTX 3090 model. Initial one was a Mercury White RTX 2070). +
Now got a normal 1000€~ Tower PC again (32GB RAM, RTX 3070),
inspired by https://www.hardwaredealz.com/bester-gaming-pc-fuer-unter-1000-euro-gamer-pc-bis-1000-euro[this config].
// self-configured and bought as a tested- and built package (to avoid troubles) at https://www.dubaro.de

Logitech MX Master 2::
Heart of the setup, still going strong

Roccat Vulcan Keyboard, German Layout::
Felt the nicest at local electronics shop. White is nice. Really often use the sound wheel.

Samsung 34" Curved Monitor::
to be honest, was a quick in need buy at local electronics shop

UE Megaboom Speaker::
Also heart of the setup, still going strong even though all it's been through.
It's waterproof³.

Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Cancelling Headset::
Also a buy i do not regret.
Preferred over Sony because of Glasses.

Huawei P30 Pro::
Was https://www.notebookcheck.net/The-Best-Camera-Smartphones.283106.0.html[the best camera smartphone] at the time.

Rowenta Fan::
Very quiet

Chair::
Cheap

== Work Setup

2 Monitors. Ergonomic Chair :)

Logitech Ergo K860 Keyboard::
Wanted to get myself to use 10 fingers
// .. but turned out i got weird hands / maybe just too unfit

Logitech MX Vertical::
Wanted to try the benefits


== Server / Infra

image::Diagram.drawio.png[]

Dell R620::
I used to have a Root Server over at Hetzner and then OVH for years,
then I noticed I've spent wayyyyyy to much money and got my own.
It's the same one i used for
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa/#education[my IT school project].
Very quiet.

I still have my E-Mail Server on OVH though because
I want my E-Mails to just work (be trusted / delivered)
and not care about configuration / maintenance of it.

Also have my DNS at OVH for convenience.

Commit message:

docs: ditching mx vertical
hand is weird after day

SETUP.adoc, after:

image::home_setup.jpg[]

PC (not pictured)::
Got rid of Gaming Laptop - was a bad idea i will never recommend to anyone. Battery life is miserable and heat is a problem.
My model had its chassis bent because of the battery right after warranty voided, causing me to spend 140€ for a replacement from official support (pictured above, black OLED RTX 3090 model. Initial one was a Mercury White RTX 2070). +
Now got a normal 1000€~ Tower PC again (32GB RAM, RTX 3070),
inspired by https://www.hardwaredealz.com/bester-gaming-pc-fuer-unter-1000-euro-gamer-pc-bis-1000-euro[this config].
// self-configured and bought as a tested- and built package (to avoid troubles) at https://www.dubaro.de

Logitech MX Master 2::
Heart of the setup, still going strong

Roccat Vulcan Keyboard, German Layout::
Felt the nicest at local electronics shop. White is nice. Really often use the sound wheel.

Samsung 34" Curved Monitor::
to be honest, was a quick in need buy at local electronics shop

UE Megaboom Speaker::
Also heart of the setup, still going strong even though all it's been through.
It's waterproof³.

Bose QuietComfort 35 Noise Cancelling Headset::
Also a buy i do not regret.
Preferred over Sony because of Glasses.

Huawei P30 Pro::
Was https://www.notebookcheck.net/The-Best-Camera-Smartphones.283106.0.html[the best camera smartphone] at the time.

Rowenta Fan::
Very quiet

Chair::
Cheap

== Work Setup

2 Monitors. Ergonomic Chair :)

Logitech Ergo K860 Keyboard::
Wanted to get myself to use 10 fingers
// .. but turned out i got weird hands / maybe just too unfit

Logitech MX Vertical::
Wanted to try the benefits.
Update 2023/09 after 7~ Months: Not now.
// problem here probably is just my 0 fitness


== Server / Infra

image::Diagram.drawio.png[]

Dell R620::
I used to have a Root Server over at Hetzner and then OVH for years,
then I noticed I've spent wayyyyyy to much money and got my own.
It's the same one i used for
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonas-pammer-2b340a1aa/#education[my IT school project].
Very quiet.

I still have my E-Mail Server on OVH though because
I want my E-Mails to just work (be trusted / delivered)
and not care about configuration / maintenance of it.

Also have my DNS at OVH for convenience.
